Frontend_resources.md, before:

# Frontend Development Resources
The frontend for SnapScribe is meant to be a React.js web app styles with Tailwind CSS.  
For this part of the project, the most useful resource will probably be the documentations of the respective frameworks, along with a few YouTube guides here and there. The Art of Googling is *ESSENTIAL* for this part of the project specially. StackOverflow, YouTube, Reddit are your best friends.

First you will have to come up with a rough overview of a design for the website. What kind of components are necessary, what pages will contain what, although a brief guideline for that will be provided soon. Styling will be totally upto the contributors.

## Design and UI Inspiration
- [Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/) - An online community of designers showcasing their work. Explore the platform for UI/UX inspiration, trends, and design ideas.
- [Behance](https://www.behance.net/) - Discover creative projects and portfolios from designers around the world. Explore different design styles and layouts.

## Frontend Frameworks and Libraries
- [React.js](https://react.dev/learn) - A popular JavaScript library for building user interfaces. It offers a component-based approach and efficient rendering for creating interactive UIs.

- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation) - A utility-first CSS framework that allows you to rapidly build custom user interfaces. It provides a set of pre-defined CSS classes to streamline styling.

## Tutorials, YouTube Playlists
- FreeCodeCamp - An online learning platform with interactive tutorials and projects for frontend development. It covers HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and popular frontend frameworks. Look at their website as well as YouTube channel for guided tutorials

- Codecademy - Good place for learning Javascript, JSX and start with React.js. Before learning React.js, you must be comfortable with the basics of Javascript and JSX.

- [Javascript Mastery](https://www.youtube.com/@javascriptmastery) - Great guided projects and will get you up and running with React very quick! Highly recommended. They describe a great project structure at the beginning of every video which would help to keep modularity of React.

- [Net Ninja](https://www.youtube.com/@NetNinja) - Great playlists on more technical aspects of React like Form handling, submission handling, etc.

## UI Component Libraries
- [Material-UI](https://mui.com/material-ui/getting-started/overview/) - A popular React component library that follows Google's Material Design guidelines. It provides a wide range of pre-built UI components and styles.

- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/getting-started) - A simple and customizable UI component library for React. It focuses on accessibility, developer experience, and easy theming.

Commit message:

backend update, net ninja playlist to frontend

Frontend_resources.md, after:

# Frontend Development Resources
The frontend for SnapScribe is meant to be a React.js web app styles with Tailwind CSS.  
For this part of the project, the most useful resource will probably be the documentations of the respective frameworks, along with a few YouTube guides here and there. The Art of Googling is *ESSENTIAL* for this part of the project specially. StackOverflow, YouTube, Reddit are your best friends.

First you will have to come up with a rough overview of a design for the website. What kind of components are necessary, what pages will contain what, although a brief guideline for that will be provided soon. Styling will be totally upto the contributors.

## Design and UI Inspiration
- [Dribbble](https://dribbble.com/) - An online community of designers showcasing their work. Explore the platform for UI/UX inspiration, trends, and design ideas.
- [Behance](https://www.behance.net/) - Discover creative projects and portfolios from designers around the world. Explore different design styles and layouts.

## Frontend Frameworks and Libraries
- [React.js](https://react.dev/learn) - A popular JavaScript library for building user interfaces. It offers a component-based approach and efficient rendering for creating interactive UIs.

- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation) - A utility-first CSS framework that allows you to rapidly build custom user interfaces. It provides a set of pre-defined CSS classes to streamline styling.

## Tutorials, YouTube Playlists
- FreeCodeCamp - An online learning platform with interactive tutorials and projects for frontend development. It covers HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and popular frontend frameworks. Look at their website as well as YouTube channel for guided tutorials

- Codecademy - Good place for learning Javascript, JSX and start with React.js. Before learning React.js, you must be comfortable with the basics of Javascript and JSX.

- [Javascript Mastery](https://www.youtube.com/@javascriptmastery) - Great guided projects and will get you up and running with React very quick! Highly recommended. They describe a great project structure at the beginning of every video which would help to keep modularity of React.

- [Net Ninja](https://www.youtube.com/@NetNinja) - Great playlists on more technical aspects of React like Form handling, submission handling, etc.

- [React Tutorial by Net Ninja](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9gZD-Tvwfod2gaISzfRiP9d) - The definitive playlist for Form handling and explanation of a lot of parts in bite sized quick videos.

## UI Component Libraries
- [Material-UI](https://mui.com/material-ui/getting-started/overview/) - A popular React component library that follows Google's Material Design guidelines. It provides a wide range of pre-built UI components and styles.

- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/getting-started) - A simple and customizable UI component library for React. It focuses on accessibility, developer experience, and easy theming.
